- [Teacher] We've looked at a stand alone cluster,
but now let's consider a domain high availability cluster.
From the terminal window, let's go into
our WildFly directory and type domain.sh and hit enter.
We're going to switch over to our incognito Chrome window.
Enter our credentials.
Running a WildFly cluster is an important step
to maintaining and running the applications
in a production environment.
A high availability clusters means
we have fell over when a server becomes unstable
and it also means we can handle higher loads of users
by sharing that load across to more WildFly servers.
Now navigating to the runtime tab,
we'll go ahead and create and configure
a server group to run in full HA.
Which means it uses the full Java
enterprise edition in high availability mode.
Clicking on the topology link
and in the left navigation bar
we can see the default topology has a main server group
which is running and the other server group which is not.
These are controlled by a master.
Clicking on these, we can reload, restart,
suspend, stop, destroy, and kill.
The other one we can only start, destroy, and kill.
Clicking on the main server group
we can see below in the details
that this group was created with a full profile
and what we need is a full HA,
meaning a full profile in high availability mode.
Clicking on the other server group
we see it has a full HA profile.
We could use this one but I want to walk you
through the process of creating a full HA
and then deploying a distributable WAR file
to a cluster and to see the benefits
of using this domain load in full HA cluster.
So we'll go ahead and stop the
server group by clicking the link,
and then you'll see that the two servers
are processing this request followed by a success
that the main server group has been stopped.
Next, click on the server groups
in the left navigation panel,
and then click the plus button to add a new server group.
We'll call this server group our
hplus-sport-sg for server group.
In the profile we'll give it a full HA
and use a full HA socket, and click add.
Next with the h sport-sg selected in the server column,
click the plus icon to add a new server.
We'll call this our hplus-server-001,
and we'll leave the other fields blank and click add.
We'll do this again, type hplus-server-002,
leave the fields blank and click add.
Click on the server one and in the dropdown click start
and this will take a couple of seconds
but should work right away.
Next, click hplus-server two and click start.
Hmm, it fails.
If we click on view we can see the attributes
and basically this server has failed to start
because the port offset is still set to zero.
Let's edit this and change the port offset
to one and then click save.
Now let's click back and click restart.
So we created hplus-sport-sg and two servers.
Let's go ahead and deploy our hplus app
to the server group and see what happens.
Clicking on the deployments tab at the top,
then on the server groups in the left navigation,
and then clicking on the hplus-sport-sg.
From here click on the plus icon,
upload new deployment, choose file, drag it here.
For this video we're going to be
using practice file 03_08 begin.
I've already compiled mine, if you haven't please do so now.
Navigating to 03_08 begin, build, libs, hplus WAR,
click open, next, and finish.
From here click close, and now we will enable the WAR.
So click enable, go back to the runtime tab,
inside of our hplus-sport and clicking
on our individual servers we see at the bottom
under web, deployment, our hplus WAR.
If we click on 02, under web,
deployment, we also see our hplus WAR.
Clicking on this deployment link
in a new tab shows the application.
If we click on server one, web, deployment, on a new tab,
it shows 80 80, and this one's 80 81.
So that's all at this point.
Just like our other application servers,
Tomcat, WebLogic, and Jboss WildFly,
they're all set up for load balancing
with NF5 or through Hapache HTTP server.